{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 README by Doug Davidoff for Homework Week 1\
\
This was a pleasurable and useful exercise. It seemed very \'93real world\'94 \'97 not theoretical but rather ripped from the pages of the diary of a working junior coder. I liked this work.\
\
Main accomplishments:\
1. Add Myerweb CSS-reset css file to the head of the page.\
2. Created a simple one-word title for the page, namely the company\'92s name.\
3. Added a rudimentary favicon based on the \'91SEO\'92 letters featured in the \'91HoriSEOn\'92 name, also emphasizing the core purpose of the company.\
4. Fixed a link in the nav-bar which was not working in the original.\
5. Tried to consolidate SEO selectors and properties. This was the hardest part of the assignment for me; I felt the consolidation opportunities were not obvious to me. The code was cleaner than I expected.\
6. Reorganized the semantic structure of the HTML.\
7. Extensively commented the HTML and CSS files.\
8. Entered \'93alt\'94 tags for images.\
9. Reorganized the CSS selectors to follow a more logical path in conformance with the HTML and the flow of the page.\
10. Provided a suggestion to enhance the \'91HoriSEOn\'92 logotype with changes in both HTML and CSS to provide a more crisp logotype. These changes are explained on the HTML and CSS pages.\
11. Considered using the \'93Nav\'94 tag, but it caused more problems than it was worth. The unordered list structure seemed to work fine for the navigation in the header, so I retained it.\
12. Reduced the hero image file size to 25% of its original size so it loads faster. This is explained in the CSS file.\
13. Made a few copy-editing suggestions and noted them in the HTML file.\
14. Enhanced the footer with an automatically updating copyright notice.\
\
\'97 DTD\
7 August 2020}